Use percentage to size raster image in symbols (#5471)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/style_library/symbol_selector.rst

  as marker symbol. The image can be a file on the disk, a remote URL
  or embedded in the style database (:ref:`more details <svg_paths>`).
  Width and height of the image can be set independently or using the

>   |lockedGray| :sup:`Lock aspect ratio`. The size can be set in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  |lockedGray| :sup:`Lock aspect ratio`. The size can be set using any of the
```

>   :ref:`common units <unit_selector>` or as a percentage of the image original

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :ref:`common units <unit_selector>` or as a percentage of the image's original
```
or "the original size of the image"

>   size (scaled by the width).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  size.
```

Author: The image has width and height and they are not the same. Since resizing is done based on the width, it's good to imo.

Reviewer: > The image has width and height and they are not the same. Since resizing is done based on the width, it's good to imo.

If it is a percentage, how can it matter if it is the width or the height that is the "reference"?

  :file:`JPG`, :file:`BMP` ...). The image can be a file on the disk, a remote URL
  or an embedded file encoded as a string (:ref:`more details <svg_paths>`).
  Options include (data defined) opacity, image width, coordinate mode (object

>   or viewport), rotation and offset. The image width can be set in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  or viewport), rotation and offset. The image width can be set using any of the
```
